Update synology.md (#8658)
netdata/netdata: packaging/installer/methods/synology.md

Chroot package is not suitable for DSM versions greater than version 5 and may corrupt system libraries and render the
NAS unable to boot.

> The good news is that the [64-bit static installer](https://docs.netdata.cloud/packaging/installer/methods/kickstart-64/) works fine if your NAS is one that uses the amd64 architecture. It

Reviewer: Documentation links should be relative, although I'm surprised to see this works just fine! Try this instead:

```suggestion
The good news is that the [64-bit static installer](kickstart-64.md) works fine if your NAS is one that uses the amd64 architecture. It
```
